# MEP-1003 Student Recruitment

module: recruit

## Description

- Model for application

  - Application Criteria
    - Academic Qualifications
    - Required Documents
    - Eligibility Criteria
    - Additional Requirements
  - Applicant
    - name
    - addr
    - etc.
  - ApplicationRound
    - portfolio
    - scholarship
    - etc.
  - ApplicationStatus (test, interview, reject,pass, etc)
  - ApplicationReport
    - Applicant [1:N]
    - ApplicationRound [1:N]
    - ApplicationStatus [1:N]
    - Faculty [1:N]
    - Department [1:N]

- Model for InterView
  - Interview Criteria
    - Eligibility Criteria
  - Interview
    - Recruiter [1:N]
    - ApplicationReport [1:N]
    - scheduled appointment
    - InterviewScore

**TODO** : Process Flow

1. Registration
   - User fills out information step by step.
   - After completing the information, verifiy the rightness of information.
   - Once confirmed, the user will receive an applicantId.
2. Report user
   - Enter applicantId.
   - Select applicant items: Track application status, View interview details.
   - Track Application Status:
     - Display the application result.
   - View Interview Details:
     - If the application result says "Eligible for interview": Show details such as interview date, time, and interviewer.
     - If the application result says "Not eligible for interview": Show an appropriate reject message.
3. for instructor
   - Insert instructorId
   - Select list : View interview details , Evaluate the applicant
   - View Interview Details: Display a list of interview dates and times, along with the applicant's name
   - Evaluate the applicant
     - Insert applicantId
     - Enter interview score
4. System
   - Check applicant information based on Application Criteria to check if they meet the requirements.
   - If eligible, create interview data to notify the instructor and interviewers.
   - Once the interview evaluation score is available, the system will compare the evaluation score with the Interview Criteria.
   - If an applicant meets both the application and interview criteria, the system will update the student information.
   - If the applicant does not meet the criteria, the result will be recorded and sent to the interviewer.
5. Admin
   - Add interview information and schedule

The implemented module must be able to import data from CSV and JSON files and dumped
into SQLite database and list the data from DB. Note that database vendor should be able
to choose later using GORM. Models can be added according to the requirements of other
modules.

The relation between models (1-to-1, 1-to-N, N-to-N) must be considered.

## Dependencies

- MEP-1001: Master Data
- MEP-1002: Basic Curriculum

## Developer (5)

- 1014 CHATCHANAN BOONPA kenza.ke15@gmail.com
- 1018 NATCHANON PHATTAMANURUK oak0809@gmail.com
- 1048 RATTIPONG SAKUNJEEN rattipong.mark@gmail.com
- 1074 NAPAT SINJINDAWONG kunung321@gmail.com
- 1075 NUTCHANON BOONYATO plotter.natchanon@gmail.com
