# MEP-1002 Basic Curriculum

module: curriculum

## Description

Create model, controller, CLI, and other necessary utilities to manage curriculum
and related data:

- Curriculum

  - CurriculumId `uuid`
  - Name `string`
  - StartYear `date`
  - EndYear `date`
  - FacultyId `uuid`
  - Faculty `Faculty` [1:1]
  - DepartmentId `uuid`
  - Department `Department` [1:1]
  - ProgramType `ProgramType` [1:1]
  - CourseList `[]Course` [1:N]
  - CreatedAt `datetime`
  - UpdatedAt `datetime`

- Course

  - CourseId `uuid`
  - Name `string`
  - Description `string`
  - CurriculumId `uuid`
  - Curriculum `Curriculum` [1:N]
  - Prerequisite [1:N]
  - Optional `boolean`
  - CourseStatus `CourseStatus`
    - active
    - inactive
  - CreatedAt `datetime`
  - UpdatedAt `datetime`

- Class, which map Course to Instructor, Section, and Student. Type of class should be separated between obligated and optional.

  - ClassId `uuid`
  - CourseId `uuid`
  - Course `Course` [1:N]
  - Section `number`
  - Schedule `datetime`
  - Instructor `[]Instructor` [1:N]
  - StudentList `[]Student` [1:N]
  - CreatedAt `datetime`
  - UpdatedAt `datetime`

The implemented module must be able to import data from CSV and JSON files and dumped
into SQLite database and list the data from DB. Note that database vendor should be able
to choose later using GORM. Models can be added according to the requirements of other
modules.

The relation between models (1-to-1, 1-to-N, N-to-N) must be considered.

## Changelog

Update 12 May
- Contribute to `core/validator` (Core lib for input validation).
- Refactor CLI to `core/menuState` functions.
- Refactor input validation from `validator/v10` to `core/validator`

Update: 7 May

- Refactor `class`, `course`, and `curriculum` handler to command design pattern.
- Add user input validation
  - Database Layer via `gorm`
  - Handler Layer via `validator/v10`

Update: 29 Apr

- Refactor `models` by inject methods from `coreModule`
- Refactor `cli.go` to Command Design Pattern
- Refactor `curriculumController`, `courseController`, and `classController` to use inherited function from `coreModule`
- Refactor `cli` to Chain of Responsibility Design Pattern (by using single resonsibility handler)
- Refactor multiple function naming consistency.
- Migrate database migration logic to `coreModule`

Update: 6 May

- Refactor handler in `curriculum`, `course`, and `class` to use State and Command Design Pattern
- Add a validator to a model struct tag
- Complete all CRUD operation in `curriculum`, `course`, and `class` handlers
- Refactor terminal UI

### Design Patterns

1. Command Pattern (cli.go and class, course, curriculum handlers)
3. Factory Pattern (all controllers)
4. Builder Pattern (Database Migration)
5. State Design Pattern (curriculum, course, class handlers)

### Improvements

- Repeated code in `classHandler.go`, `courseHandler.go`, and `curriculumHandler.go`. It all can be solve with Template Method Pattern.
- Input validation using existed method in models in Business Logic Layer. => Maybe easier to validate in repository layter via Gorm

## Dependencies

- MEP-1001: Master Data

## Developer (4)

- 65070503408 Jarukit Jintanasathirakul wit03 witjarukit@gmail.com
- 65070503403 Kritsanapong Thaworana KittoSanon kittosanon@gmail.com
- 65070503442 Intouch Krajangprateep Intouch-hymn hymnjung01@gmail.com
- 65070503412 Chitsanupong Jateassavapirom mixzazazaza1212@gmail.com
