# MEP-1005 Senior Project

module: project

## Description
Create model, controller, CLI, and other necessary utilities to manage senior project
for ModEd:

- Assessment Criteria
- Senior Project
    - Group Member (Student) [1:N]
    - Advisor [1:1]
    - Committee [1:N]
    - Assignment [1:N]
        - Progress [1:N]
        - Score from Advisor [1:1]
        - Score from Committee [1:N]
    - Presentation [1:N]
        - Score from Advisor [1:1]
        - Score from Committee [1:N]
    - Report [1:N]
        - Score from Advisor [1:1]
        - Score from Committee [1:N]
    - Assessment [1:1]
        - Score from Advisor [1:1] (link to Criteria)
        - Score from Committee [1:N] (link to Criteria)

**TODO** : Process Flow

1. Senior Project Setup
- Define Assessment Criteria (used for grading by advisors and committees).
- Create Senior Projects in the system.
- Assign Senior Project Groups with students as members.
- Assign an Advisor to each group.
- Assign a Committee(s) to each project.
2. Project Execution and Monitoring
- Senior Project Schedule is created to outline key milestones.
- Senior Project Assignments are given to students.
- Students submit work.
- Progress is tracked.
- Advisor and Committee evaluate assignments.
- Scores are recorded.
- Report Submission occurs.
- Advisor and Committee review and score the report.
3. Evaluation & Assessment
- Advisor and Committee evaluate the presentation.
- Advisor and Committee score the project based on assessment criteria.
- Final Scores are compiled.



The implemented module must be able to import data from CSV and JSON files and dumped
into SQLite database and list the data from DB. Note that database vendor should be able
to choose later using GORM. Models can be added according to the requirements of other
modules.

The relation between models (1-to-1, 1-to-N, N-to-N) must be considered.

## Dependencies
- MEP-1001: Master Data
- MEP-1002: Basic Curriculum

## Developer (7)
- 64070507207 ธนภัทร ไทยกิ่ง patnakub  thanapatthaiking@gmail.com
- 64070507210 ประภัสสร แสงรอด pnmine  pathza.2305@gmail.com
- 64070501092 ณัชพงศ์ ประมวลทรัพย์  okcza515   nutchapong80@hotmail.com
- 64070501078 พัสกร ธัญวัฒนกุล   cinnamonjs   p.thunwattnakul@gmail.com
- 64070501002 กษิณภัทร เกตุโฉม   kasinphatspam   kasinphat@icloud.com
- 64070503461 จือ หวัง   WangSonicS   wang.zhi.0908@gmail.com
