# MEP-1006 Quiz and Assignment

module: eval

## Description
Create model, controller, CLI, and other necessary utilities to manage basic master data for ModEd:

- ### Assignment
  - #### Instructor
    - Instructor create assignments. [1:N]
    - Instructor release assignments. [1:N]
    - Instructor allow student to do assignments. [1:N]
  - #### Student
    - Students submit their assignments. [1:N]

- ### Quiz
  - #### Instructor
    - Instructor create Quiz. [1:N]
    - Instructor release Quiz. [1:N]
    - Instructor allow student to do Quiz. [1:N]
  - #### Student
    - students submit their Quiz. 

- ### Track Progress
  - Instructor track students' assignment progress. [1:N]

- ### Submission (Assignment&Quiz)
  - #### Instructor
    - Instructor allow to set deadline and start time [1:1]
  - #### Student
    - Student submit assignment [1:1]
    - Student submit quiz. [1:1]
    - Student can see submitted time after submit their work. [1:N]

- ### Evaluation (Maybe we can use this model together with MEP-1007)
  - Instructors receive assignments.
  - instructors evaluate student scores.



The implemented module must be able to import data from CSV and JSON files and dumped into SQLite database and list the data from DB. Note that database vendor should be able to choose later using GORM. Models can be added according to the requirements of other modules.

The relation between models (1-to-1, 1-to-N, N-to-N) must be considered.
## Dependencies
- MEP-1001: Master Data
- MEP-1002: Basic Curriculum

## Developer (5)
 - 65070503409 Chayaphon Chaisangkha chayaphon.mick@gmail.com
 - 65070503445 Chanawat Limpanatewin veerawatlwat@gmail.com
 - 65070503457 Paratthakon Suksukhon bewantza33@gmail.com 
 - 65070503466 Warapol Pratumta topwarapol8850@gmail.com
 - 65070503469 Sawitt Ngamvilaisiriwong sawittngam2@gmail.com
